Add gradient component references (#1351)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient.md

| **FastNoise Advanced Settings - Fractal Type** | Sets the method of fractal combination. | `FBM`, `Billow`, or  `Rigid Multi` | `FBM` |

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Simplex" %}}

![FastNoise simplex gradient properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient-component-simplex.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Generate Random Seed** | Sets the **Random Seed** property below to a random value. | | |
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` |
> `Perlin Fractal` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` | `Perlin Fractal` |
```

| **Frequency** | Sets the frequency of the generated noise. Larger values result in noise that is more coarse.  | Float: 0.0001 - Infinity | `1.0` |

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Simplex Fractal" %}}

![FastNoise simplex fractal gradient properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient-component-simplex-fractal.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Generate Random Seed** | Sets the **Random Seed** property below to a random value. | | |
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` |
> `Perlin Fractal` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` | `Perlin Fractal` |
```

| **FastNoise Advanced Settings - Fractal Type** | Sets the method of fractal combination. | `FBM`, `Billow`, or  `Rigid Multi` | `FBM` |

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Cellular" %}}

![FastNoise cellular gradient properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient-component-cellular.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Generate Random Seed** | Sets the **Random Seed** property below to a random value. | | |
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` |
> `Perlin Fractal` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` | `Perlin Fractal` |
```

| **Jitter** | Sets the maximum distance that a cellular point can move from its original position. | Float: 0.0 to Infinity | `0.45` |

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="White Noise" %}}

![FastNoise white noise gradient properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient-component-white-noise.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Generate Random Seed** | Sets the **Random Seed** property below to a random value. | | |
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` |
> `Perlin Fractal` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` | `Perlin Fractal` |
```

| **Random Seed** | Sets the seed value for the noise generation algorithm. Each value generates a distinct pattern of noise. | Integer: 1 to Infinity | `1` |

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Cubic" %}}

![FastNoise cubic gradient properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient-component-cubic.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Generate Random Seed** | Sets the **Random Seed** property below to a random value. | | |
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` |
> `Perlin Fractal` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` | `Perlin Fractal` |
```

| **Frequency** | Sets the frequency of the generated noise. Larger values result in noise that is more coarse.  | Float: 0.0001 - Infinity | `1.0` |

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Cubic Fractal" %}}

![FastNoise cubic fractal gradient properties](/images/user-guide/components/reference/gradients/fastnoise-gradient-component-cubic-fractal.png)

| Property | Description | Values | Default |
|-|-|-|-|
| **Generate Random Seed** | Sets the **Random Seed** property below to a random value. | | |
| **Preview** | Displays the output gradient of this component after all properties are applied. | | |
| **Pin Preview to Shape** | Sets an entity with a compatible Shape component to use as the bounds of the preview if **Constrain to Shape** is `Enabled`. | EntityId | Current Entity |
| **Preview Position** | Sets the world location of the preview.<br> <br>*This field is available only if there is no entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Vector3: -Infinity to Infinity | X:`0.0`, Y:`0.0`, Z:`0.0` |
| **Preview Size** | Sets the dimensions of the preview. | Vector3: 0.0 to Infinity | X:`1.0`, Y:`1.0`, Z:`1.0` |

> | **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview will use the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
> | **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` |
> `Perlin Fractal` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Constrain to Shape** | If `Enabled`, the gradient preview uses the bounds of the entity selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.<br> <br>*This field is available only if an entity is selected in **Pin Preview to Shape**.* | Boolean | `Disabled` |
| **Noise Type** | Sets the noise generation algorithm used to generate the gradient. | `Value`, `Value Fractal`, `Perlin`, `Perlin Fractal`, `Simplex`, `Simplex Fractal`, `Cellular`, `White Noise`, `Cubic`, or `Cubic Fractal` | `Perlin Fractal` |
```
